Hi, this is Craig Golightly, and welcome to Applying Database Security.
We're going to discuss encryption options for your data,
then how to audit database activity and avoid vulnerabilities.
Finally, we'll cover some additional security measures available to you,
depending on your database service. As you consider what to encrypt,
when to encrypt, and how to encrypt, let's review some key areas to consider.
We talked about migration earlier in the course,
but it is worth mentioning again that securing data
during migration is absolutely essential.
You may choose to encrypt with your own keys before transit or
use AWS services for encryption in transit,
followed by the supported option provided by your
target database to encrypt your data.
Backups and logs may also need to be encrypted.
These may be easier to forget since they happen in the background,
but they still contain your data and need to be considered as
part of your overall encryption strategy.
Finally, you could have the best encryption in the world,
but if you haven't secured how you connect to your database,
that weak link could compromise your entire system and all of the data in it.
Use a secrets manager and follow the principle of least privilege
when connecting to your database and creating credentials for
users and applications to access data.
AWS provides encryption options to help keep your data secure
and save you time by making these easy to use.
Amazon Key Management Service,
or KMS, is a service you will see listed for use with most
database services to assist with data encryption.
KMS is a managed service that provides you centralized control over the
lifecycle and permissions of your encryption keys.
KMS uses hardware security modules, or HSMs, that meet many industry
standards for secure key generation and storage.
You can control which users have access to administer each key and
which users have access to use those keys. You can also enable
automatic yearly rotation of master keys.
Don't worry,
you won't have to bulk reencrypt everything when a key rotates. KMS
automatically keeps previous versions of keys to use for decryption of
data encrypted under an old version of the key,
then all new encryption requests are encrypted under
the newest version of the key.
As a managed service,
KMS dynamically scales to meet your demand, is extremely durable, 11 9s,
and is integrated with many AWS services for ease of use,
including CloudTrail so you can audit who used what
keys when and where they were used.
When you generate a master key in KMS,
you can import your own key or have KMS generate it for you.
You'll then decide which IAM users and roles can use the
key and which can administer the key.
Integrated AWS services generate a data encryption key to encrypt the data in
the service. KMS uses envelope encryption to encrypt the data encryption key
with a master key from KMS. You can choose to let AWS manage the customer
master key used to encrypt the data encryption key for the service, or you can
manage the CMK used for that envelope encryption. AWS CloudHSM is the service
to use if you require a single tenant hardware security module to manage your
keys or if you need to interact directly with the HSM. CloudHSM launches into
your own VPC so you have total control over access to the device.
You pay an hourly charge for each CloudHSM you launch.
This is different than the previous generation where you had
to pay an upfront fee for each device.
Now you simply pay an hourly charge for each device you use. With
CloudHSM, AWS automates the hardware provisioning,
patching, and backups of the underlying HSMs so you can
interact with your cluster as one logical HSM.
You can add and remove HSMs from your cluster on demand, and
CloudHSM will automatically load balance requests and securely duplicate keys to all HSMs in the cluster.